
Planes of Power: Plane of Time
The Plane of Time
Introduction
The Plane of Time is the final zone.  The raid consists of 6 phases and after each phase is completed you are given extra time to
complete the raid.  You start in Plane of Time A and when ready send your forces to the portals shown below, the raid begins when
you click in...
Z - Zone in/out
A - Undead
B - Fire
C - Earth
D - Water
E - Air
The Five Trials
For the first phase there are 5 events that need to be completed.  Each event can only have 18 people in them.  You have 1 hour to complete all 5 to
advance the script.  Lockout for phase 1 is 12 hours.
Air
The event starts with 4x An Air Phoenix Noble.  These hit for 900, nothing special.  When defeated 4x Servitor of Xegony spawn, hit for about
1k and immune to mez but can be rooted.  After those die Neimon of Air spawns.  Neimon hits 1100, flurries, AE rampage, has a 125 pt ds, and
casts an AE slow, spell slow, and 550 dd.
Earth
The event starts with 3x "a pile of living rubble".  They hit for almost 1k and are immune to mez and root.  When each dies they spawn 1-4
"a rock shaped assassin" which hit for 800 and can be mezzed and rooted.  When a total of 10 mobs are killed Terlok of Earth spawn.  He quads for
1100 but has no tricks.
Fire
In this event you kill fire mephits (I have no data on them) until Kazrok of Fire spawns.  He hits for 1150, flurries, AE rampages, has a 75 pt ds,
and casts an AE spell slow and 225 dot.
Water
This event starts with the boss, Anar of Water, already up along with 2 "a triloun gatherer".  The trilouns hit 900ish and can be rooted while Anar
hits 1150, flurries, and AE rampages.  At 90% and 50% Anar will cast an AE snare, slow, and 850dd and summon 2 "a deepwater triloun".  These adds hit
around 1k and can also be rooted.
Undead
This event begins with 3x "an undead guardian", hitting for 900ish, mezzable and rootable.  When they die 4 more spawn, these hit a bit harder.  When
those die a third wave, hitting harder and immune to mez.  When the third wave dies Rythor of the Undead spawns.  He hits 1150, flurries, casts
an AE that increases spell costs, 350 dot, and 575 dd as well as a 1k dd with stun on tank.
Each event drops 1 loot from the following list:
Mask of Conceptual Energy
Pulsing Emerald Hoop
Ring of Force
Smooth Onyx Torque
Wristguard of Keen Vision
The Three Branches
After completing the first phase each area allows you to portal into the phase 2 area.  It is split into 3 branches, Earth and Air being
together, Water and Fire being together, and Undead being on its own.  Each branch starts with a good chunk of trash appropriate to the
branch (Earth branch will have Rock mobs and so on).  When the last of the trash is killed a second wave of trash spawns along with a Boss
at the end.  You are given 1 hour (plus any leftover) to complete all 5 branches.  Lockouts from this point forward are 5.5 days.
Windshapen Warlord of Air
Hits for 1200, seems to be pure melee.
Earthen Overseer
Hits for 1200, flurries, immune to slow, also pure melee.
Gutripping War Beast
Hits for 1500, pure melee.
War Shapen Emissary
Hits for 1200 and rampages.
Ralthos Enrok
Hits 1100, flurries, and casts Shadowknight spells.
Each boss drops one loot from the following list:
Cloak of Ferocity
Hoop of the Enlightened
Cudgel of Wrecking
Shield of the Vortex
Wand of the Vortex
Veil of Warmth
Tiny Jade Ring
Gauntlets of Disruption
Glowing Chains
Drape of the Unending
Girdle of Restoration
The Trash Clear
After completing the second phase all the branches reunite.  This phase is a lengthy clearing fest of 8 waves, each with a bunch of
trash (pure melee) and 2 bosses.
A Ferocious Warboar (wave 1)
Hits up to 2k and flurries, procs a 200dd plus stun.
Deathbringer Blackheart (wave 1)
Hits up to 2k and rampages, procs a 2-3.5k dd.
Xeroan Xi`Geruonask (wave 2)
Hits up to 2k, procs an AE dot and mana drain.
Kraksmaal Fir`Dethsin (wave 2)
Hits up to 2k and flurries, procs a 667 dot.
A Deadly Warboar (wave 3)
Hits up to 2k and rampages, procs an AE 1200dd plus stun.
Deathbringer Skullsmash (wave 3)
Hits up to 2k, procs a 2k dd with 500 dot and stun.
Sinrunal Gorgedreal (wave 4)
Hits up to 2k, procs an AE silence.
Herlsoakian (wave 4)
Hits up to 2k, procs an AE attack and armor debuff.
A Needletusk Warboar (wave 5)
Hits up to 2k and flurries, procs an AE 500 dot.
Deathbringer Rianit (wave 5)
Hits up to 2k and rampages, procs a 1600dd on tank.
Dersool Fal`Giersnaol (wave 6)
Hits up to 2k and rampages, procs an AE 600 dd plus stun.
Xerskel Gerodnsal (wave 6)
Hits up to 2k and unslowable, procs an AE 1500 mana drain and casts Cleric spells.
Dark Knight of Terris (wave 7)
Hits up to 2k, procs an AE slow and small dot (36 disease counters).
Undead Squad Leader (wave 7)
Hits up to 2k and rampages, procs 400 pt lifetap.
Champion of Torment (wave 8)
Hits up to 2k and flurries, procs an AE 800dd with flux.
Dreamwarp (wave 8)
Hits up to 2k, procs an AE 1500dd.
Each of the 16 bosses can drop
Time Phased Quintessence
, a backflag for
Plane of Time, along with up to one of the following list:
Elemental Greaves Mold
Elemental Chain Pant Pattern
Elemental Leather Pant Pattern
Elemental Silk Pant Pattern
Cloak of Wishes
Dagger of Distraction
Necklace of Celestial Energy
Ossein of Limitless Time
Protective Sleeves
Time Traveler's Abandoned Notebook
When the bosses of wave 8 die two massive rock golems spawn at the portal.  You are granted a total of 75 minutes
(plus any leftover) to complete this phase.
Supernatural Guardian (Final Boss)
Hits up to 1700, flurries, and unslowable, procs a 200dd plus stun.
Avatar of the Elements (Final Boss)
Hits up to 1700, fairly resistant, and procs an AE snare and 1100dd.
Both rock bosses can drop
Time Phased Quintessence
, a backflag for
Plane of Time, along with one of the following list:
Earring of Xaoth Kor
Pauldrons of Purity
Ethereal Destroyer
Faceguard of Frenzy
Fiery Crystal Guard
Mask of Strategic Insight
Timeless Coral Greatsword
The Lesser Gods
After completing the third phase you move on to the first big challenges.  To start you need to clear out the trash from the central area
and then take on Saryn, Terris Thule, Vallon Zek, and Tallon Zek.  You are granted 4 hours (plus any leftover) to defeat them and can do
so in any order.
Saryrn
Saryrn hits for up to 2500 with single target rampage.  Unslowable?  She has 3 spells.
Torrent of Agony
- 1500dd, 60% agro reduction, and 40% slow cast on tank. 20 disease counters to cure.
Horrifying Affliction
- 375 range AE which drains 500 mana at first and 175 per tick as well as reducing spell damage.  Overwrites KEI line
Torrential Torment
- 125 range AE which drain 45 mana per tick.  9 curse counters to cure.  Overwrites Ranger's self buff
In addition to her mana draining spells Saryn summons four adds at 90%, 50%, and 10%.  They are a random mix of
A Mouth of Insanity (unrootable), A Mouth of Dementia (rootable, procs root), A Tormentor (unrootable, unmezzable, backstabs),
and A Twisted Tormentor (rootable, procs root).  These have a decent chunk of hp and do not despawn.  Saryrn drops 3 items of the following:
Shroud of Provocation
Time`s Antithesis
Veil of Lost Hopes
Gloves of the Unseen
Runewarded Belt
Symbol of the Planemasters
Edge of Eternity
Ring of Evasion
Cap of Flowing Time
Girdle of Intense Durability
Terris Thule
Terris Thule hits for up to 2500 with single target rampage.  Unslowable?   She has 2 spells.
Quivering Nightmares
- 375 range AE which reduces all primary stats by 200. This overwrites buffs such as Beastlord Ferocity and many pet buffs.
Phantasmal Torment
- 375 range AE which is 200 dot and 150 per tick mana drain.  Overwrites Enchanter KEI line.
She also summons four adds at 90%, 50%, and 10%.  They are a random mix of A Nightmare Knight of Terris (procs a mana drain + mez),
A Phantasm of Terris (procs a mana drain + mez), A Summoned Guardian of Terris (unmezzable, unrootable), and
A Summoned Knight of Terris (unmezzable, unrootable).  These do not despawn.
Terris Thule drops 3 items from the following:
Earring of Corporeal Essence
Talisman of Tainted Energy
Hammer of Hours
Armguards of the Brute
Cape of Endless Torment
Cudgel of Venomous Hatred
Orb of Clinging Death
Coif of Flowing Time
Vanazir, Dreamer`s Despair
Tallon Zek
Tallon Zek hits for 3000 and has a single target rampage.  Unslowable?  Tallon has a variety of spells:
Tallon's Balance
- Reduces all resists by 300.
Planeshift
- 375 range AE which makes all spells cost 50% extra.
Strategic Blow
- single target 2k dd, 500 dot, and short stun on the tank.
Barb of Tallon
- targeted ice AE, snare, slow, and 2k dd.
Barb of Tallon
- targeted fire AE 2500 dd.
Barb of Tallon
- targeted disease AE 300 dot, AC debuff, hate debuff.
Barb of Tallon
- targeted poison AE 2650 dd.
Tallon Zek drops 3 items from the following:
Cloak of the Falling Skies
Serpent of Vindication
Hopebringer
Winged Storm Boots
Band of Prismatic Focus
Amulet of Crystal Dreams
Tactician`s Shield
Mantle of Deadly Precision
Bracer of Precision
Circlet of Flowing Time
Vallon Zek
Vallon Zek hits for 3000 and has a single target rampage.  Unslowable?  He has 3 spells in his arsenal.
Blade of Vallon
- 4-6k dd on tank about once a minute.
Vallon's Precision
- 93 range AE which increases agro generation.
Tactical Strike
- 30 second stun and FD on the tank.
In addition to dealing with tank swaps and agro management at 50% he spawns two Vallon Zek clones.  The clones hit for about 1800,
can't be mezzed, are very resistant to root, don't despawn, and they have lower hp so it is worth killing them before resuming dps on the real Vallon.
Vallon Zek drops 3 items from the following:
Earring of Temporal Solstice
Cord of Potential
Hammer of Holy Vengeance
Wand of Temporal Power
Shinai of the Ancients
Globe of Mystical Protection
Shoes of Fleeting Fury
Bow of the Tempest
Helm of Flowing Time
Temporal Chainmail Sleeves
The Major Gods
After completing the fourth phase you move on to the next big challenges.  To start you need to clear out the trash from the central area
and then take on Bertoxxulous, Innoruuk, Cazic Thule, and Rallos Zek.  You are granted 4 hours (plus any leftover) to defeat them and can do
so in any order.
Bertoxxulous
Bertoxxulous hits for up to 3000 (at the end of the fight) and has AE rampage.  Unslowable?  He has 2 spells.
Rain of Bile
- 975dd and 275 mana drain that hits up to 3 times if you don't move.
Black Plague
- AE that snares and is a 700pt dot with 18 disease counters.
At the start of the fight Bertoxxulous is nearly immune to spells.  As his health drops his resistances go down while his damage output
scales up.
Bertoxxulous drops 3 items from the following:
Collar of Catastrophe
Veil of the Inferno
Eye of Dreams
Celestial Cloak
Belt of Temporal Bindings
Timeless Leather Tunic Pattern
Symbol of Ancient Summoning
Timespinner, Blade of the Hunter
Boots of Despair
Greatblade of Chaos
Pulsing Onyx Ring
Leggings of Furious Might
Innoruuk
Innoruuk hits for up to 3500, AE rampages, and flurries.  Unslowable?  He has a buff and 2 spells:
Barrier of Hatred
- 225 damage shield with a 1800 point rune, easy for melee to pincushion themselves if not careful.
Seething Hatred
- 200 range 325 dd and agro debuff.
Seething Hatred
- 125 range 550 dot, agro debuff, fear.
He is meant to spawn 3 adds at 66% and another 4 at 20%, but this mechanic may be broken.
Innoruuk drops 3 items from the following:
Earring of Celestial Energy
Necklace of Eternal Visions
Mantle of Pure Spirit
Shroud of Survival
Timeless Chain Tunic Pattern
Serrated Dart of Energy
Songblade of the Eternal
Jagged Timeforged Blade
Barrier of Freezing Winds
Gloves of Airy Mists
Girdle of Stability
Bracer of Timeless Rage
Cazic Thule
Cazic Thule hits for up to 3000 and AE rampages.  Unslowable?  He has 3 potent AEs:
Aura of Fear
- 375 range AE 2k dd, 550 dot, stun.
Call of the Faceless
- 375 range AE 200 dot, snare, and silence for 30 seconds.
Timeless Panic
- 100 range AE 1k dd and fear.
Cazic Thule drops 3 items from the following:
Timestone Adorned Ring
Cloak of Retribution
Wand of Impenetrable Force
Belt of Tidal Energy
Timeless Silk Robe Pattern
Staff of Transcendence
Earring of Unseen Horrors
Mask of Simplicity
Padded Tigerskin Gloves
Greaves of Furious Might
Zealot`s Spiked Bracer
Wristband of Echoed Thoughts
Rallos Zek
Rallos Zek quads for up to 3500, flurries, and AE rampages.  Unslowable?  In addition to melting tanks with melee he has two spells:
Vindictive Strike
- 3500 dd and 20 sec stun on the tank.
Rage of Zek
- 250 range AE 400 dot, 50 mana dot. 9 curse counters
Rallos Zek summons a few weak adds at 90%, 75%, 50%, and 25%.
Rallos Zek drops 3 items from the following:
Ring of Thunderous Forces
Platinum Cloak of War
Timeless Breastplate Mold
Ton Po`s Mystical Pouch
Darkblade of the Warlord
Greatstaff of Power
Visor of the Berserker
Band of Primordial Energy
Shield of Strife
Pants of Furious Might
Pauldrons of Devastation
Sandals of Empowerment
Quarm
After completing the fifth phase you move on to the final boss, Quarm.  You are granted 2 hours (plus any leftover) to defeat Quarm.
Quarm
Quarm itself hits for up to 4k, flurries, and AE rampages.  He starts the fight with 4 heads and 8 AEs:
Infernal Flames
- Fire based 3k dd.
Glacier Blast
- Cold based 3k dd
Plague Seism
- Magic based 3k dd.
Venom Blast
- Poison based 3k dd
Glacier Breath
- Cold based 100 dot and snare.
Epoch Conviction
- Magic based atttack debuff, spell damage debuff, 100 dot, and 50 mana dot.  36 curse counters.
Plagued Earth
- Disease based 500 dot and 50 mana dot.  36 disease counters.
Venomed Mist
- Poison based 500 dot and 50 mana dot.  36 poison counters.
Every 25% one of its heads explode and it loses some of the AEs.  It also dispels and cures itself so will need to be debuffed again
and again.  In addition to Quarm there are little elementals spawning.  These barely do any damage but proc a slow and spell slow
(36 disease counters) on anybody they hit.
Quarm drops 3 items from the following:
Silver Hoop of Speed
Earring of Influxed Gravity
Talisman of the Elements
Shroud of Eternity
Cord of Temporal Weavings
Timeless Chain Tunic Pattern
Timeless Breastplate Mold
Timeless Leather Tunic Pattern
Timeless Silk Robe Pattern
Spool of Woven Time
Bracer of the Inferno
Hammer of the Timeweaver
Stone of Flowing Time
Prismatic Ring of Resistance
Whorl of Unnatural Forces
Ethereal Silk Leggings
Shawl of Eternal Forces
Earthen Bracer of Fortitude
Wristband of Icy Vengeance
Once you are done with loot and everybody is ready you can go break the prison holding Zebuxoruk.  This triggers a scene with
Druzzil Ro that results in "resetting the timeline" and porting the raid to Plane of Knowledge.